# Quickstart

The fastest and easiest way to get started is through [**ESP Admin Cloud**](https://esp-admin-app.bg.tn). It's an open and free instance created to better understand and explore the capabilities of the platform.

### Create Account

First you will need to create an account either via email & password or to directly sign in via Google or GitHub.

### Setup MQTT

Once you have logged in to your account, you can go to **Settings** page and declare your MQTT credentials. You can use for example [**HiveMQ cloud**](https://www.hivemq.com).

::alert{type="warning"}
The connection to your MQTT broker should be secured
::

### Create a Device

A device is an ESP based hardware running the SDK. It should be identified by a unique `name` and assigned a secret `API Key` for authentication. Once created, a unique `identifier` or `deviceId` is automatically assigned to it and cannot be changed.

### Create a Project

A project is a way to group devices together. These devices will share the same firmware, commands and config variables.

### Link Device to Project

By default the project and the device are `unlinked`. `Link` a device to a project allows to set config variables and send commands defined by the project. Furthermore, it allows the deployment of the firmware updates on a new project release.

### Install ESP Admin SDK

::alert{type="info"}
Currently the SDK is distributed on **PlatformIO** registry, works on top of **Arduino** framework and supports only **espressif32** platform.
::

Start by installing the SDK

```bash
pio pkg install --library "bg-dev/ESPAdmin"
```

Run this basic usage example

```cpp

#include <Arduino.h>
#include <WiFi.h>
#include "ESPAdmin.h"

const char *ssid = "";
const char *password = "";
const char *httpHost = "esp-admin-app.bg.tn";
const char *deviceId = "";
const char *apiKey = "";
const char *certPem = "";

ESPAdmin::Logger logger("app");

void setup()
{
    Serial.begin(115200);
    Serial.printf("\n");

    WiFi.begin(ssid, password);

    logger.info("WiFi wait");

    while (WiFi.status() != WL_CONNECTED)
    {
        delay(1000);
    }

    logger.success("WiFi connected");

    ESPAdmin::begin(httpHost, deviceId, apiKey, certPem);
}

void loop()
{
}
```
