# Architecture

The application is built on top of Nuxt 3. It's a modern web framework that makes building full-stack apps super simple. Source code can be found [here](https://github.com/becem-gharbi/esp-admin).

::alert{type="info"}
The application is started from a ready to use template. You can check it [here](https://github.com/becem-gharbi/nuxt-starter).
::

### Backend

Nuxt comes with a server engine called **Nitro**. Portability is one of its features that can make the server-side code runs on Node.js server, serverless and edge workers.

<br>

::Backend
::

<br>

- **Prisma** is an ORM used for type safety and serverless support.
- **Nuxt S3** is a module for querying any S3 compatible file storage server.
- **Controllers** are handlers for REST API endpoints.
- **Nuxt Auth** is a module for handling JWT based authentication.
- **Nuxt Security** is a module for handling web security concerns.

### Frontend

Nuxt is built on top of **Vue 3** which is a frontend JS framework popular for its reactivity system.

<br>

::Frontend
::

<br>

- **useMqtt** handles MQTT settings and client with support for v3.x and v5.
- **useReport** handles report settings via email and webhooks.
- **useDevice** handles state management for Device.
- **useProject** handles state management for Project.
- **useRelease** handles state management for Release.
- **useDeployment** handles state management for Deployment.
- **Nuxt Naive UI** is an SSR module for Naive UI component library.
- **Tailwind CSS** is a utility-first CSS framework.
