# Usage

Once the application is running, you can start using the SDK.

### Initialization

In `Setup`, first make sure to initialize both the `Serial` communication and the `WiFi` station.

Then you should initialize the SDK

```cpp
ESPAdmin::begin({
  // Required
  .httpHost = "app.esp-admin.tn",
  .deviceId = "_DEVICE_ID_",
  .apiKey = "_API_KEY_",
  .httpCert = "_HTTP_CERT_",
  .mqttCert = "_MQTT_CERT_",
  // Optional
  .resetDelayMs = 7000,
  .httpMaxResponseSize = 300,
  .httpTimeoutMs = 8000,
  .logMaxMessageSize = 200,
  .mqttTaskPriority = 5,
  .mqttTaskStackSize = 6896,
  .mqttKeepAliveSec = 30,
  .mqttNetworkTimeoutMs = 8000,
  .mqttReconnectTimeoutMs = 10000,
  .otaTaskPriority = 5,
  .otaTaskStackSize = 6896,
});
```

That's it you can now start using the SDK ✨

::alert{type="info"}
`httpCert` is the certificate for the application host `httpHost`. `mqttCert` is the CA certificate for the used MQTT broker. Certificates should be in PEM format.
::

### Logging

You can instantiate a `logger` instance of `Logger` class with a custom `scope`.

A `scope` is a way to identify the context from which the `logger` is called. The `logger` has methods for distinct log types `info`, `warn`, `success` and `error`.

::alert{type="info"}
It's recommanded to set `monitor_raw = true` on `platformio.ini` in order to benefit colored logs.
::

The output can be local via `Serial` and remote via `MQTT`. By default, the local logs are enabled and the remote logs are disabled.

::alert{type="info"}
You can disable local logs by setting `Store::logSerialEnabled = false`
::

### Commands

In order to listen for incomming custom commands, you can create a handler and reference it from `Command::onCustom`. The handler accepts a serialized JSON message. You can parse it with [**ArduinoJSON**](https://arduinojson.org) library.

```cpp
void onCustomCommand(String message);

Command::onCustom = &onCustomCommand;
```

### Reports

In order to send custom reports, you can use `Report::send` method.

```cpp
Report::send({
    .type = REPORT_INFO,
    .subject = "Report's subject",
    .body = "Report's body"
  });
```

### Updates

Over the air updates are handled internally, performed in non blocking execution and causes software reset on successful deployment.

### Variables

Config variables are accessible via `Store::get(STORE_CONFIG)` in serialized JSON format. You can parse it with [**ArduinoJSON**](https://arduinojson.org) library. To listen for incomming config command, you can create a handler and reference it from `Command::onConfig`.

```cpp
void onConfigCommand(String message);

Command::onConfig = &onConfigCommand;
```
